For each observation, look at the following features from the lifestyle dataset (meal_metadata.csv):
    - diet_type: Type of diet followed (e.g., Keto, Vegan, Balanced).
    - sugar_g: Sugar content in grams per meal.
    - sodium_mg: Sodium content in milligrams per meal.
    - cholesterol_mg: Cholesterol content in milligrams per meal.
    - serving_size_g: Portion size of the meal in grams.
    - cooking_method: Cooking method used (e.g., Boiled, Fried, Grilled).

Use these features to classify whether that meal is healthy or not.

Of course, in real life, it isn't this easy to tell whether a meal is healthy or not from
these factors alone. There are many more factors that go into play, like the health factors of the person
actually eating the meal (metabolism, weight/height, exercise, etc). There's just too many factors that go into
definitively deciding if a meal is healthy or not, and we're not really qualified to make that call. So
my plan is to be a bit presumptuous and just ignore the other factors and only tell based on these things.

This is gonna result in having some bad judgement calls, like for example there's an observation of a woman
who ate a healthy meal, but is actually obese and therefore not really healthy. But we're gonna ignore
that and classify this observation as healthy anyway.

Once all the observations are classified as healthy/not healthy, we can tell how accurate we are based on the
"rating" column. A rating of 3.5 (?) or higher can be considered a healthy meal. This will create our "truth
values" to compare to for accuracy measures.

If a person is classified as being healthy, great! Nothing extra needs to be done.

If a person is classified as being unhealthy, then we need to print some healthy foods that could've been added
to their meal to make it healthier. The list of healthy foods can come from the food nutrition dataset.
Can pick a few foods at random.

We can figure out which foods from the food nutrition dataset are healthy based on the caloric value, fat,
carbohydrates, sugars, proteins, sodium, etc? (use the 3rd csv file cuz it has the healthiest stuff and no
fast food stuff). Set thresholds and create a list of healthy foods, which can then be pulled out of
to print to the console